feat: add pykiso to pytest tool (#62)
eclipse/kiso-testing: docs/examples/pykiso_to_pytest.rst

.. _pykiso_to_pytest:

Pykiso to Pytest
================

> If you want to use pytest instead of the pykiso command

Author: added suggestion

> generator of pykiso (cc & aux generator)you can use the pykiso_to_pytest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generator of pykiso (YAML-based generation of auxiliaries and communication channels), you can use the pykiso_to_pytest
```

Author: changed

> existing pykiso yaml configuration into a python module.

Author: added suggestion
